# E321-F21
## Assembly Notes:
##### Describe each process that you used for assembling your robot. You should consider this a part of the documentation a guide that someone else might use to assemble the same robot. Also good for your future self who will invariably forget what was done ... Be as complete as possible.
##### Assembling the robot consisted of building the robot, preparing the SD card, and configuring network setting. Using the tools provided in the assembly kit, secure the raspberry pi to the upper chassis board. Insert two AA batteries to help provide power to the chassis boards and pi. To prepare the SD card, redirect to raspberrypi.org and write to the SD card using the Rasberry Pi Imager. To communicate with the pi , connect to pi to your computer using the USB to UART port. To connect to the pi through a COM port, an addition driver from FTDI needed to be installed. PuTTY is then used to talk to the pi. Write the correct COM port, COM3 for us, in the Serial line space, change the bit speed to 115200, and then click "Open". A terminal page should open asking for the default user name and password. After typing the correct credentials, you will be connected to the raspberry pi. Using the "ifconfig" and "sudo raspi-config" commands, we enabled wireless connection, enabled ssh, and attained an IP address.  

## Discuss your square driver program:
##### What approaches did you try? When making the button functionality, we wanted to press it, then it would immediatley take off. After that, our intial approach was to first see how accurate the bot was with driving straight. After confiriming the bot could drive in a semi-straight line, our next goal was for it to make an accurate 90 degree right turn. If we were able to figure out the first and second step, we would have it finalized because the code would loop 4 times to complete the square. 
##### How successful was each approach? Our first try our only issue was our finger getting caught on the button making it drift into an uneven line. We solved this by making the bot pause after pressing it, then resuming after a couple seconds. Other than this one issue, our approach worked well. Splitting the goals into sub-tasks that would complete the final results was our best and only choice. This allowed us to fix any bugs or issues we had one step at a time instead having numerous issues all at once. Each sub-task formed into the final product with minimial issues.
##### What was the final result? The final result consisted of pressing a button, the robot then reacting after a couple of seconds and drving in a square shaped line.
##### How accurate was your final solution? Measure the length error and track angle error on each side of the square. Estimating the error in the length, I'd say we were considerably close if not dead on. The length of it driving straight was fairly consistent, so there was no issues of it driving more or less than what was required. Measuring the angle that the robot turns, I estimate around a 5 degree difference than the 90 degrees we were aiming for.
##### Discuss possible sources of the errors. The errors could be from the result of battery power differences, unbalanced wheels, weight distributions, and more than anything dragging on the wheel from other components on the robot. Due to the compactness of the robot, components seemed to rub together more creating a type of drag that would slow one wheel more than the other, resulting in the robot to drift off course.
## Provide a link to a narrated video of your robot running the course:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1P6zFLmFOrLxtdNH-s3VEWCR6VaMDpe4h/view?usp=sharing
